# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

Being able to organize information onto a web page in a way that allows for a ‘machine’ to more easily navigate it is a useful tool for a historian. A lot of work that a historian does involves organizing their facts, historiographies, and other information according to various criteria. A historian could have a lot of information, for example, on Russo-American relations towards the end of the 2nd World War, but this information could be organized in different ways. For example, in the context of American domestic sentiments towards the Russians, or another possibility would be in context of Eastern European reactions to FDR’s ‘friendliness’ with the Soviet dictator. All this organization of information is why Historians, myself included, spend so much time in the library working our way through stacks of books. However, if we are able to pool our information into an organized web page that a machine could understand, we might be able to have a program perform the tedious task of re-reading and re-sorting all of our loose notes and documents.


## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

Personally, as a visual learner, I believe layout to be crucial to the learning process, especially with subjects such as History. When trying to understand the sequence of historical events, it helps tremendously to be able to visualize how things did unfold - hence the entire concept of “Timelines”. Hence, in ‘Layout 1’ (https://drive.google.com/open?id=117ZE15wwwym_Ml52ujiBW4K2C2MeXLPz), I’ve demonstrated a way I believe is useful in presenting information for the purpose of forming initial understandings of historical events. However, once a timeline has been digested, there are other ways to consider historical information. In history, it is important to consider overarching themes, various historiographies and narratives that apply to these initial timelines that we digest. So in ‘Layout 2’ (https://drive.google.com/open?id=117ZE15wwwym_Ml52ujiBW4K2C2MeXLPz) I have crafted what I believe could be a good way to present information for the purposes — each tab represents a different historiography, allowing a historian to more carefully break down the different interpretations of historical events (or series of events), which I believe to be a crucial skill in forming a deeper understanding of a topic.